well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we are going to talk about
speaking the language of trump
we're going to talk about how to reach
cross and hopefully
get people to uh fall out from
underneath his spell
today i want to point out that we are
talking about the way things
are not the way they should be those
things are rarely the same
and uh it's an important distinction to
make today
okay so how do you reach them
you have to figure out what kind of
rhetoric is going to work on them right
what will sway them
to uh get a good read on that
what kind of rhetoric do they use on you
when they're trying to convince you of
something what do they
say generally they're trying to scare
you
right they're trying to scare you
if you don't do this this bad thing will
happen
when you think about their insults
it's all about uh
making somebody seem weak
because again somebody's weak i need to
be
scared it's all about fear
it's funny because when i asked that in
yesterday's video
you know what motivates them people are
like racism
i mean yeah i mean that's part of it
because where's racism come from fear
fear same thing fear the unknown
where's fear come from ignorance
and solving the problem of ignorance
um yeah that's a long-term goal but for
our purposes right now
fear will work
why was trump successful because he
spoke to their fears
it's that simple he spoke about the
things
they cared about what they were afraid
of he spoke to their fears and gave him
new ones
he used a lot of hyperbole i mean
look at trump he wasn't a great orator
he could barely string a sentence
together
but man he had those crowds just
captivated
because he spoke to their fears and
that's what motivates them
if you want
to convince somebody that
trump really resonated with if you want
to convince them of anything
you have to frame it around their fears
what their fears are and how
this policy is going to alleviate
that fear
that's uh that's really it because their
motivations
are pretty much all fear-based
and then they have uh
well it's nationalism masquerading
as patriotism
that uh they use for rhetoric
but that's that's it they're simple they
don't want change
they're afraid of change that's why
they're conservative
okay so doing it this way
and appealing to their fears
that uh doesn't create progressives
that that doesn't switch them it doesn't
create liberals
the only thing that creates progressives
is education and context
that's how people become progressive
okay this isn't going to do that framing
things around their fears will not do
that
but you don't have to create
progressives to whittle away
at trump's base that still exists
it's still out there you don't have to
create progressives you don't have to
convince them of anything like that
you just have to make them
anti-authoritarian
it's all you have to do and
that's relatively easy
because their rhetoric is already
anti-authoritarian
and that anti-authoritarian rhetoric can
sometimes override the fear
that's why you had the whole mask thing
so this all sounds great
sounds real simple how do you execute it
right how do you make it a thing how do
you make it happen
there is a reason they are not letting
go of the kraken
there's a reason they're going to
continue
to push those claims no matter how many
times they're debunked
because those in power understand the
second that they
admit that that was all made up
well they're handing their political
opposition
all of the tools they need to prove that
they are in fact the authoritarians
and then all of their rhetoric
they are the ones that were trying to
subvert the constitution
seize control
and i know a lot of people
believe that everybody who followed
trump
is innately authoritarian it's not true
not really when you make a sweeping
generalization like that
it's always wrong even that one
they resonated
with his speech
because he spoke to their fears that's
what it boils down to
there's not 70 million authoritarians in
this country
i mean i mean there kind of are but not
not in the way we're talking about right
now
so the key element the first step
is to as much as it is going to be a
pain
because you know how long they hold on
to stuff
it's been however many years and uh
you know but her emails the kraken has
to be debunked
over and over and over again
until a significant portion of that 70
million gets it
and then those politicians who signed on
to that
those who backed it who enabled it
they have to uh lose in the midterms
if that happens it becomes politically
untenable
to appear to continue to be a trump
supporter
or to mimic trump's behavior two years
after that
which is when the presidential election
is and that's the goal
yesterday people pointed out you know
now we have two years to do it
kind of we have two years to put a
really big start on it
but the real battle is in four years
and we have to
create a situation where authoritarian
rhetoric
is uh something that people
steer clear of because they don't want
to be associated with trump
because that becomes associated with a
bunch of losses
this is we want to exhaust his uh
reputation political capital we want to
make sure that goes away
and then from there policies related to
him
the representative political capital
will disappear
so as much as it is going to seem
counter-intuitive to you
because if you're watching this channel
you are probably not fear-based
you're probably somebody who is
hope-based looking to the future wanting
things to do
to do better wanting things to grow
when you are talking to people who are
under trump's way
you have to frame it around their fears
and over the next few weeks i will do a
whole bunch of videos
showcasing how to do this
but just to give you a general overview
of how
you've got to reach them that's it and i
know you're like that's not right we
need to educate them and we do
yeah absolutely that needs to happen
but that's probably not going to happen
in two years
in the meantime they've handed us the
tools
to reach them the president's own
rhetoric
his own wild claims
can be used to show his base
exactly who he is
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day